service docs update (#4628)
Kong/docs.konghq.com: app/konnect/getting-started/publish-service.md

    ```

1. In the {% konnect_icon servicehub %} [**Service Hub**](https://cloud.konghq.com/servicehub), select a service.

> 1. Select **Documentation**, then **Add Page**, upload the `.md` file and **save**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Select **Documentation**, then **Add Page**. Upload the `.md` file and **Save**.
```
Reads a bit awkwardly with one sentence.

> 1. Select **Documentation**, then **Add Page**. Upload the `.md` file and **Save**.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. Select **Documentation**, then **Add Page**. Upload the `.md` file and click **Save**.
```
Optional, I think it makes sense either way. I'm just used to doing "click" before **Save**.

>     {% konnect_icon servicehub %} may automatically populate fields from the uploaded documentaion.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    {% konnect_icon servicehub %} may automatically populate fields from the uploaded documentation.
```

>     {% konnect_icon servicehub %} may automatically populate fields from the uploaded documentation.

Reviewer 2: Why wouldn't it auto populate? If the fields from the file don't match the fields in Service Hub? It seems like you'd want it to automatically populate, so I'd provide info so customers can guarantee that outcome.

Author: good point. it always auto populates

>     {% konnect_icon servicehub %} may automatically populate fields from the uploaded documentation.

Author: ```suggestion
    {% konnect_icon servicehub %} will automatically populate fields from the uploaded file.
```

## Upload an API spec

> Open API specifications, or specs, can be uploaded and attached to a specific service version within your Dev Portal.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
OpenAPI specifications, or specs, can be uploaded and attached to a specific service version within your Dev Portal.
```

Every version can have one OpenAPI spec associated with it, in JSON or YAML format.

If you have a spec, use it in the following steps. Otherwise, you can

> use the [sample Analytics spec](/konnect/vitalsSpec.yaml) for testing.

Reviewer 2: Could we also link to a page that describes how to create a spec? It seems like the options a customer would want here are:

- I have my own spec
- I need to create a spec
- I want to test a spec

Author: spoke offline no link needed
